applications: sdp: gpio: add README (#19466)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/sdp/gpio/README.rst

> .. _sdp_gpio:

Reviewer: file must be included in the index ``nrf\doc\nrf\applications.rst``, as follows:
``../../applications/sdp/gpio/README``

SDP GPIO
########

> This application demonstrates how to use SDP on FLPR in Zephyr threadless mode, by implementing a subset of Zephyr GPIO API.

Reviewer: normally we should provide a definition for the abbreviation (software defined peripherals), but last time the decision was to avoid doing so - is this still the case?

Author: Yes

> This application demonstrates how to use SDP on FLPR in Zephyr threadless mode, by implementing a subset of Zephyr GPIO API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application demonstrates how to use SDP on FLPR in Zephyr threadless mode by implementing a subset of Zephyr GPIO API.
```

> It is intended to be used with Zephyr's `basic/blinky` sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is intended for use with Zephyr's :zephyr:code-sample:`blinky` sample.
```

> Following IPC backends are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following IPC backends:
```

> - mbox (:kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_SDP_GPIO_BACKEND_MBOX`)
> - icmsg (:kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_SDP_GPIO_BACKEND_ICMSG`)
> - icbmsg (:kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_SDP_GPIO_BACKEND_ICBMSG`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* mbox (:kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_SDP_GPIO_BACKEND_MBOX`)
* icmsg (:kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_SDP_GPIO_BACKEND_ICMSG`)
* icbmsg (:kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_SDP_GPIO_BACKEND_ICBMSG`)
```

Building and running
********************

> It is required to include code for both Application core and FLPR for correct operation.
> Recommended method is to build ``basic/blinky`` sample with necessary sysbuild configuration.
> For example, when building with icmsg backend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must include code for both the application core and FLPR core.
The recommended method is to build the :zephyr:code-sample:`blinky` with the necessary sysbuild configuration.

For example, to build with the icmsg backend, run the following commands:
```

.. _sdp_gpio:

SDP GPIO
########

This application demonstrates how to use SDP on FLPR in Zephyr threadless mode by implementing a subset of Zephyr GPIO API.
It is intended for use with Zephyr's :zephyr:code-sample:`blinky` sample.

You can use the following IPC backends:

* mbox (:kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_SDP_GPIO_BACKEND_MBOX`)
* icmsg (:kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_SDP_GPIO_BACKEND_ICMSG`)
* icbmsg (:kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_SDP_GPIO_BACKEND_ICBMSG`)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requirements
************

The firmware supports the following development kit:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

```

.. _sdp_gpio:

SDP GPIO
########

> This application demonstrates how to use SDP on FLPR in Zephyr threadless mode by implementing a subset of Zephyr GPIO API.

Reviewer 2: I think "creating/implementing SDP" would be a better wording than "use SDP". I wouldn't say that FLPR application is a good place to check how to use a SDP, because they would be used similarly to regular peripherals/drivers. In the worst case someone could read the APP side code for this purpose, but not the FLPR side. Unless I'm getting something wrong.
